Hey there Spy there! This is your boy Mikey Bustos.
This video is an in-depth tutorial of the Filipino accent.
The first thing to know is there are no F sounds.
Follow, Flip, Fact, Filipino, Philippines, Family, Snowflake.
No B sounds.
Victory, Van, Veno, Living La vida Loca, Golden Retriever.
Blog and vlog sound the same.
The lack of B probably comes from the Spanish influence
when the Spaniards invaded Philippines in the 1500s.
That is why many of us Philippine have Spanish last names like Bustos.
My full name is Michael John Yadan Tumanguil Pestano Bustos.
Try saying that 5 times.
Also worth noting, there's no TH.
It's either D sound like that, this, there, them, breathe,
or T sound like thick, teeth, beneath, thistle, breath.
Also, another thing to note is that the Filipino language
lacks he  she, she distinct pronouns.